Drawing on the Web Final Project (Moving Nature)
==================

While thinking of possible project ideas, I went online and looked at some of the things that other people had created with JavaScript. Of the ones I saw, I was consistently drawn to images and works that contained the use of particle systems. For my final project, I want the overarching theme of my sites to be about particle systems, but I don’t want to be too literal with my interpretation of it. While the underlying theme of my sites will be the particle system, another layer of my theme will be ‘nature’. In one of the drawings, I plan to have a cherry blossom tree with falling blossoms. The drawing starts with the tree growing and then it’s populated with cherry blossoms before the blossoms start falling. Going along with the spring-like theme of the first drawing, I wanted the second drawing to be of constantly falling rain. To add an interactive aspect to that drawing, wherever the user moves their mouse, there will be a sphere of space where the rain won’t fall, as if the user was moving an umbrella around in the scene. The third drawing will be a top-side view of a pond with spinning, floating lily pads and lotus flowers. For the interface to access these sites, I plan to have three rotating circles, each with an image to elude to what the drawing it links to will be. The cherry blossom drawing will be represented by a tree image, the rain by a rain cloud or rain drop, and the pond by a lotus flower.
